Practical work

Text of the task: There are N>=3 chips of three colors in a row, which alternate in random order, and their number can be any. You need to present the chips in one pass of the row to get 3 groups of the same color, which are arranged in a given sequence. In this case, at each step, you can swap any two chips. It is required to develop a color grouping OOP with an alphanumeric interface that reads the original row of tokens from the standard input stream and displays the results of successive transpositions of its tokens by lines of the standard output stream. The desired order of the color groups must be given as a command line argument to the program invocation (RWB, by default).

Description of the algorithm: A class of a row of chips is created, in the private field of which there is the original row of chips and priorities for sorting this sequence, and in the public field there are methods for sorting and printing this row, as well as a constructor for initialization. The order of color groups must be specified by the command line argument of the program call, so to initialize the private fields of the class by the constructor, it is necessary to break the string into separate characters. The constructor initializes the class with the supplied string and a character-broken argument. A class method is called that implements the desired sorting of the series. The method itself sequentially compares the current character of the row with one of the three priority characters: first with the first character, the second and the third. If the current symbol differs from the priority symbol, then the find_first_of function for strings finds the first occurrence of the priority symbol in the token string. Then the current and found values ​​are swapped. After each permutation, the class print method displays the intermediate state of the color range.
